B2B phase 2 changes (#8546)
auth0/docs: articles/architecture-scenarios/implementation/b2b/b2b-operations.md

<%= include('../../_includes/_operations/_notifications.md', { platform: 'b2b' }) %>

> ## Organization Admin Portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Organization Provisioning
```

Author: I can't make this change without changing a bunch of things as this will change the link to this section.  Also, we have another section for organization provisioning.  Provisioning doesn't require a portal, this was specific to the portal.

> An organization admin portal is a portal that allows your administrators to create, modify, and remove organizations. There are multiple activities that need to be done both in your own system and your Auth0 tenant.  This portal will likely need to exist in your own system so it has access to your datastores and configuration.  However, Auth0 provides the [**Auth0 Management API**](/api/management/v2) so that you can incorporate changes to your Auth0 tenant at the same time that you create the changes in your own system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new organizations can be created as part of self-service sign up for new customers or can be manually provisioned by your admin staff as part of new customer on-boarding. 
An organization admin portal is a portal that allows your administrators or new business's administrator to create, modify, and configure an organization. There are multiple activities that need to be done both in your own system and your Auth0 tenant.  This portal will likely need to exist in your own system so it has access to your datastores and configuration.  However, Auth0 provides the [**Auth0 Management API**](/api/management/v2) so that you can incorporate changes to your Auth0 tenant at the same time that you create the changes in your own system.
```
